docs: add hybrid approach to vitest guide (#10092)
vercel/turborepo: docs/repo-docs/guides/tools/vitest.mdx

```

**Notably, the file inputs for a Root Task include all packages by default, so any change in any package will result in a cache miss.** While this does make for a simplified configuration to create merged coverage reports, you'll be missing out on opportunities to cache repeated work.

### Using a hybrid approach

> You can combine the benefits of both approaches by implementing a hybrid solution. This involves maintaining local Vitest configurations in each package while also setting up a root Vitest workspace configuration. This approach gives you the best of both worlds: better local development experience with global watch mode, while preserving Turborepo's caching benefits in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can combine the benefits of both approaches by implementing a hybrid solution.This approach unifies local development using Vitest's Workspace approach while preserving Turborepo's caching in CI.  This comes at the tradeoff of slightly more configuration and a mixed task running model in the repository.
```
